.. _VL92:

****
VL92
****

Introduction
############

.. include:: intros/VL92_intro.rst

Site metadata
#############

.. csv-table:: 
   :file: meta/VL92_meta.csv
   :stub-columns: 1

.. raw:: html

   <div id="mapid" style="height: 440px; border: 1px solid #AAA;"></div>

   <script type="text/javascript">

   requirejs.config({

      paths: {
         "leaflet": "https://unpkg.com/leaflet@1.7.1/dist/leaflet",
      }
   });

   requirejs(["../../../_static/network_maps/networks/Vancouver/VL92_map"]);

   </script>

   <br />

Deployments at site
###################

.. csv-table:: All site deployments
   :file: deployments/dates/VL92_deployment_dates.csv
   :header-rows: 2

.. csv-table:: Position of deployments
   :file: deployments/positions/VL92_deployment_positions.csv
   :header-rows: 2

.. csv-table:: Raw files of deployments
   :file: deployments/raw_files/VL92_deployment_raw_files.csv
   :header-rows: 2

Photos
######

Supplementary information
#########################

Data acquisition
################

.. include:: ../../../data_acquisition/data_acquisition_default.rst

References
##########

#. Dou, J., Grimmond, S., Cheng, Z., Miao, S., Feng, D. and Liao, M. (2019) Summertime surface energy balance fluxes at two Beijing sites. International Journal of Climatology, 39 (5). pp. 2793-2810. ISSN 08998418 doi: https://doi.org/10.1002/joc.5989
#. Best, M. J. and Grimmond, C. S. B. (2016) Modelling the partitioning of turbulent fluxes at urban sites with varying vegetation cover. Journal of Hydrometeorology, 17 (10). pp. 2537-2553. ISSN 1525-7541 doi: https://doi.org/10.1175/JHM-D-15-0126.1
#. Loridan, T. and Grimmond, C. S. B. (2012) Characterization of energy flux partitioning in urban environments: links with surface seasonal properties. Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology, 51 (2). pp. 219-241. ISSN 1558-8432 doi: https://doi.org/10.1175/JAMC-D-11-038.1
#. Loridan, T. and Grimmond, C.S.B. (2012) Multi-site evaluation of an urban land-surface model: intra-urban heterogeneity, seasonality and parameter complexity requirements. Quarterly Journal of the Royal Meteorological Society, 138 (665). pp. 1094-1113. ISSN 1477-870X doi: https://doi.org/10.1002/qj.963
#. Grimmond, C.S.B., Blackett, M., Best, M. J., Barlow, J., Baik, J.-J., Belcher, S. E., Bohnenstengel, S. I., Calmet, I., Chen, F., Dandou, A., Fortuniak, K., Gouvea, M. L., Hamdi, R., Hendry, M., Kawai, T., Kawamoto, Y., Kondo, H., Krayenhoff, E. S., Lee, S.-H., Loridan, T., Martilli, A., Masson, V., Miao, S., Oleson, K., Pigeon, G., Porson, A., Ryu, Y.-H., Salamanca, F., Shashua-Bar, L., Steeneveld, G.-J., Tombrou, M., Voogt, J., Young, D. and Zhang, N. (2010) The International Urban Energy Balance Models Comparison Project: First Results from Phase 1. Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology, 49 (6). pp. 1268-1292. ISSN 1558-8432 doi: https://doi.org/10.1175/2010JAMC2354.1
#. Oleson, K.W., Bonan, G.B., Feddema, J., Vertenstein, M. and Grimmond, C.S.B. (2008) An urban parameterization for a global climate model. Part I: Formulation and evaluation for two cities. Journal of Applied Meteorology and Climatology, 47 (4). pp. 1038-1060. ISSN 1558-8432 doi: https://doi.org/10.1175/2007JAMC1597.1
#. Best, M. J., Grimmond, C. S. B. and Villani, M. G. (2006) Evaluation of the urban tile in MOSES using surface energy balance observations. Boundary-Layer Meteorology, 118 (3). pp. 503-525. ISSN 0006-8314 doi: https://doi.org/10.1007/s10546-005-9025-5

Acknowledgements
################

